GraalVM: Fast, Polyglot, Native
=================

Checkliste
----------

**Raum angefragt**: ok

**Raum bestätigt**: ok

**Alle Referenten bestätigt**: ok

**Einladung Meetup**: ok

**Einladung per XING**:

**Termin im Heise Kalender**: nope

**Kurztext zu Referenten**: ok

**Themenbeschreibung**: ok

**Google-Kalender**:

**JaxEnter benachrichtigt**: nope

**Twitter**:

**Blogeintrag**: ok

**Folien bekommen**:

**Folien online**:

Zeitpunkt der Veranstaltung
---------------------------

**Datum**: 23.05.2019

**Anfang**: 18:30 Uhr Einlaß, 19:00 Uhr Vortrag

**Ende**: 21:00 Uhr

Veranstaltungsort
-----------------

**Bezeichnung**: innoQ Deutschland GmbH

**Adresse**: Ohlauer Str. 43, Treppenhaus C, 2. OG, 10999 Berlin

**Max. Teilnehmer**: 60-70

Referenten
----------

Jan Stępień
~~~~~~
Jan is a senior consultant at INNOQ in Berlin, where he works with people and
with computers. He is a regular speaker at conferences and meetups,
discussing a variety of topics. Jan’s interests span functional programming,
software architecture, testing, and co-op video games. He used to
facilitate the Munich Clojure meetup and is co-organising the Heart
of Clojure conference. He’s easily confused by the assignment operator.

Kontaktdaten
~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Über Jörg müller

Thema bzw. Themen
-----------------

GraalVM: Fast, Polyglot, Native
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
**Sprecher**: Jan Stępień

GraalVM challenges the status quo on the JVM. This newly-released JIT compiler
brings substantial speed improvements and support for polyglot applications.
It also allows us to translate our JVM bytecode into self-contained native
binaries. In this session we’ll explore GraalVM’s potential. We’ll use the
new compiler suite to build small native binaries from simple JVM
applications. We’ll discuss the method’s limitations and their impact.
Finally, we’ll build complete web apps weighing a fraction of their traditional
JVM incarnations.

