Feature Toogles on Steroids
=================

Checkliste
----------

**Raum angefragt**: ok

**Raum bestätigt**: ok

**Alle Referenten bestätigt**: ok

**Einladung per XING**: offen

**Termin im Heise Kalender**: offen

**Kurztext zu Referenten**: ok

**Themenbeschreibung**: ok

**Google-Kalender**: offen

**Blogeintrag**: ok

**Folien bekommen**: offen

**Folien online**: offen

Zeitpunkt der Veranstaltung
---------------------------

**Datum**: 17.12.2014

**Anfang**: 18:30 Uhr Einlaß, 19:00 Beginn

**Ende**: 21:00 Uhr

Veranstaltungsort
-----------------

**Bezeichnung**: ThoughtWorks Werkstatt Berlin

**Adresse**: Mülhauser Str. 6, 10405 Berlin


**Max. Teilnehmer**: real 30

Referenten
----------

Michael Tamm
~~~~~~
Michael Tamm is a Java Expert and Agile Coach with 25
years experience in programming. He has specialized in
automated quality assurance -- that is not only automated
testing but also automated code reviews, deployment pipelines,
monitoring, and profiling. He is author of the book
"JUnit-Profiwissen", has published several articles in IT
magazines, and is a regular speaker at IT conferences.


Thema bzw. Themen
-----------------

Feature Toogles on Steroids
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
**Sprecher**: Michael Tamm

By now it is well known that feature
branch based development is problematic
(because of merge conflicts) and trunk based development
with feature toggles is a good alternative. But the
simple idea of a feature toggle can be extended in
several ways e.g. to allow much more fine grained control
when and where a feature becomes visible or to verify
the new code behind a feature toggle before the toggle
is switched. Join this session to learn new patterns which
ensure that everything works when a new feature is finally
activated in production.

Participants will learn several not wildly known extension to
the simple idea of a feature toggle, which can be easily
implemented and enable delivering new features with very
high quality (not only functional correctness but also robustness
and performance) without costing much compared to other QA activities.
