The Future of Gradle - The Ultimate Build System
=================

Checkliste
----------

**Raum angefragt**: ok

**Raum bestätigt**: ok

**Alle Referenten bestätigt**: ok

**Einladung per XING**: offen

**Termin im Heise Kalender**: offen

**Kurztext zu Referenten**: ok

**Themenbeschreibung**: ok

**Google-Kalender**: ok

**Blogeintrag**: ok

**Folien bekommen**: offen

**Folien online**: offen

Zeitpunkt der Veranstaltung
---------------------------

**Datum**: 7. Juli 2014

**Anfang**: 18:00 Uhr Einlaß, 18:30 Uhr Vortragsbeginn

**Ende**: 21:00 Uhr

Veranstaltungsort
-----------------

**Bezeichnung**: Hypoport AG

**Adresse**: Klosterstr. 71, 10179 Berlin

**Max. Teilnehmer**: 100 (130 Einladen)

Referenten
----------

Hans Dockter
~~~~~~
Hans is the founder of Gradle and Gradleware. Hans has 13 years of 
experience as a software developer, team leader, architect, trainer, 
and technical mentor in vast array of industry sectors such as 
automotive, finance, public transport and business intelligence. 
Hans is a thought leader in the field of project automation and 
has successfully been in charge of numerous large-scale enterprise 
builds. He is also an advocate of Domain Driven Design, having taught 
classes and delivered presentations on this topic together with Eric Evans.

Thema bzw. Themen
-----------------

The Future of Gradle - The Ultimate Build System
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
**Sprecher**: Hans Dockter

We are convinced that Gradle is already the best 
available enterprise build system. Yet we are far from done. 
We have finally the R&D bandwidth to deeply improve Gradle 
in the areas where it lacks. We also have the bandwidth to 
contribute some fundamental innovation to the domain of build 
and continuous delivery. All this will bring Gradle much closer to 
our vision of Gradle being the ultimate build system. 

We start by giving an overview of where Gradle is currently in 
the build system market when it comes to features and adoption. 
We will then talk about the next generation multi-platform 
dependency management. A dependency management that can fully 
capture the requirements of Android, JavaScript and the native 
domain as well as to improve the dependency management for the 
Java world. We will talk about how Gradle will dramatically improve 
the performance by introducing global caches and other optimizations. 
Finally we will talk about the new Gradle extendability model and 
its upcoming native and JavaScript support.
