Programming Kotlin
=================

Checkliste
----------

**Raum angefragt**: ok

**Raum bestätigt**: ok

**Alle Referenten bestätigt**: ok

**Einladung per XING**: offen

**Termin im Heise Kalender**: offen

**Kurztext zu Referenten**: ok

**Themenbeschreibung**: ok

**Google-Kalender**: offen

**Blogeintrag**: offen

**Folien bekommen**:

**Folien online**:

Zeitpunkt der Veranstaltung
---------------------------

**Datum**: 16.04.2015

**Anfang**: 18:30 Uhr Einlaß, 19:00 Uhr Einlaß

**Ende**: 21:00 Uhr

Veranstaltungsort
-----------------

**Bezeichnung**: idealo internet GmbH

**Adresse**: 

**Max. Teilnehmer**:

Referenten
----------

Dmitry Jemerov 
~~~~~~
Dmitry has been with JetBrains since 2003, working on different
projects, primarily around the IntelliJ Platform. He was one of 
the early contributors to Kotlin; in particular, he created the 
initial version of the Java bytecode generator in the compiler. 
After spending most of 2014 working at Google, Dmitry is now 
back at JetBrains and on the Kotlin team, working on the 
compiler and promoting the language, both internally 
and outside of the company.

Programming Kotline
-----------------
Kotlin is a new programming language currently in development 
at JetBrains, targeting the JVM and JavaScript platforms. Kotlin's 
design is heavily focused on pragmatism and interoperability, 
providing an alternative to Java which is more safe, concise 
and productive, while maintaining the same performance and 
tooling quality.

At JetBrains, we've been using Kotlin for a while now, 
both for the development of the language itself and for 
other projects, and we've already gained a significant amount 
of experience with it. In this talk, I will introduce the 
key features of Kotlin, in light of that experience: showing 
how Kotlin helps you improve your the day-to-day development 
experience and the design of the code that you write.

