Neo4J
=================

Checkliste
----------

**Raum angefragt**: ok

**Raum bestätigt**:

**Alle Referenten bestätigt**: Ok

**Einladung per XING**: offen

**Termin im Heise Kalender**: offen

**Kurztext zu Referenten**: ok

**Themenbeschreibung**: ok

**Google-Kalender**: offen

**Blogeintrag**: offen

**Folien bekommen**: offen

**Folien online**: offen

Zeitpunkt der Veranstaltung
---------------------------

**Datum**: 20.08.2013

**Anfang**: 18:30 Uhr

**Ende**: 21:00 Uhr

Veranstaltungsort
-----------------

**Bezeichnung**: Groupon GmbH

**Adresse**: Oberwallstraße 6, 10117 Berlin

**Max. Teilnehmer**: 50

Referenten
----------

Stefan Plantikow
~~~~~~

Stefan is a computer scientist with a background in distributed and concurrent
systems and transaction processing. He is passionate about computer language
design and how languages influence software development.
Based in Germany as an independent consultant, he's currently working
on the next version of Neo4j. He also presents graph technology at
NoSQL and other events. Stefan enjoys traveling, skiing, and tai chi.

Thema bzw. Themen
-----------------

Graph Databases with Neo4j & Cypher
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
**Sprecher**: Stefan Plantikow

Graph databases are everywhere.  From social netwoks, to access control
and content management systems, graph databases are a new class of general
purpose databases from the NoSQL world for storing and processing large
data sets of heavily interconnected data.  This talk will give an overview
on graph databases and Neo4j with a focus on how to use them in a
Java environment.  We will look at how graph databases are well suited for
modelling rapidly changing problem domains, how to query Neo4j using the
declarative graph query language Cypher, and at large scale graph
database use cases. To conclude, we will take a look at new features
in the upcoming version Neo4j 2.0.
