Fun with JavaFX on embedded
=================

Checkliste
----------

**Raum angefragt**: ok

**Raum bestätigt**: ok

**Alle Referenten bestätigt**: ok

**Einladung per XING**: offen

**Termin im Heise Kalender**: offen

**Kurztext zu Referenten**: ok

**Themenbeschreibung**: ok

**Google-Kalender**: offen

**Blogeintrag**: offen

**Folien bekommen**: offen

**Folien online**: offen

Zeitpunkt der Veranstaltung
---------------------------

**Datum**: Freitag, den 18.10.2013

**Anfang**: Beginn 18:30; Einlass ab 18:00 Uhr

**Ende**: 20:00 Uhr

Veranstaltungsort
-----------------

**Bezeichnung**: Hypoport AG

**Adresse**: Klosterstr. 71, 10179 Berlin

**Max. Teilnehmer**:

Referenten
----------

Gerrit Grunwald
~~~~~~
Gerrit is a software engineer with more than 8 years of experience in software development. He has been involved in Java
desktop application developments and controls development. His current interests include JavaFX, HTML5 and Swing especially
development of custom controls in one of these technologies. He is also interested in Java-driven embedded technologies
like Raspberry Pi and BeagleBoard. He is a true believer in open source and has participated in popular projects like JFXtras
as well as his own projects (SteelSeries Swing, SteelSeries Canvas, Enzo, FXGConverter). As a Java Champion he is an active
member of the Java community, where he founded and lead the Java User Group Münster (Germany) and co leads the JavaFX community.
He is an international speaker at conferences and user groups.


Thema bzw. Themen
-----------------

Titel des 1. Themas
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
**Sprecher**: Gerrit Grunwald

Die Themen Java on embedded und JavaFX gehörten dieses Jahr zu den dominierenden Themen auf der JavaOne.
Für viele haben sie aber zunächst wenig Relevanz in der täglichen Arbeit. Trotzdem ist faszinierend, was sich mit
diesem Stack realisieren lässt. Auf jeden Fall macht es Spaß.

Dies ist die erste von zwei Veranstaltungen, die am 18. und 19.10. zu diesen Themen bei Hypoport in Kooperation mit
der JUG Berlin-Brandenburg stattfinden. Im Rahmen dieser Abendveranstaltung wird Gerrit Grunwald verschiedene
Projekte zu dem Thema vorstellen. Am darauf folgenden Samstag findet dann ein ganztägiger Hackathon statt.
[Link zur Hackathon-Einladung]

Alle Teilnehmer des Hackathons sind zu dieser Abendveranstaltung eingeladen, um sich inspirieren zu lassen und um
eigene Ideen im Anschluss an Gerrits Talk zu pitchen. Alle anderen erwartet einfach nur ein toller Talk.


Talk

Usually Java developers do not create code for embedded devices because there was no good Java support on these devices.
Oracle figured out that there is a huge market for embedded devices and decided to support Java and JavaFX on hardware
like the very popular Raspberry Pi and the BeagleBoard xM. With Java technology available on these platforms it's very
interesting to see what you can do with this. This session will give you a short overview on the available technologies
and will explain the interaction between different technologies and where they make sense. As an example a temperature
monitoring application will be shown using JavaFX on a Raspberry Pi, a BeagleBoard xM and on the Desktop. In addition a
little HTML5 page for mobile will be presented too.